don't bring anyone love into this well
that's the thing I always tell young
people now that you hit a certain age
and you talk to a lot of young people
about you know they everybody wants
advice and everyone and and it's it's
hard because if you catch me on a bad
day and this has happened
I've talked kids out of going into show
business yeah my friend Tom asked me to
talk to his son and he wanted to go into
comedy writing and I read his script and
it was okay it was okay
yeah and in this business it's got to
not just be good it's got to be
excellent and it's got to be original
there has to be like you know like
somebody a spec script it gets traction
in this town is like somebody will take
a Partridge Family episode from 1971 and
then they'll put in Isis as Kara like
you have to come up with shit that's
crazy
right and then on top of it be so well
written and so and I just said to him I
go look man you got a college degree
there's just there's so many other
things to do but his father who's black
got really upset with me he's like dude
what did you fucking tell my son and I
was like I'm sorry man it was a bad day
it was a bad day for ya but I get that I
totally get that I did you know what I
did once this is I mean I I don't think
I did the wrong thing I picked the wrong
time was I told a comic who was booked
by a club that was emceeing to not do so
much crowd work Oh with that well I told
him because he was doing it every show
yeah and um it was like Saturday between
the first and Late Show right guy look
man
someone's gonna type something that's
gonna taste at some point and like you
should know that like when you're on a
headliner show like this like you really
don't it shouldn't be up to you to just
decide to do 10 minutes ago correct and
he was like and I'm not trying telling
you this to to be rude but like you're
you're basically dictating that like
that's the tone of what they're about to
see you know you're actually making it
it's not even really fucking up my show
but it's like the middle actu on this
hierarchy is definitely above you is now
like putting this thing where he's like
has to adapt to your crowd work exactly
not only that now you knew and the
feature act have to watch him every show
to see so you don't talk to the same
people he's talked to it's so I I did it
in like a nice way yeah but man the he
was shell-shocked and I couldn't tell
right away he went up there and bombed
and then afterwards like you know I I
didn't say much to him after his set but
after the show he was like I go dude
like somebody was gonna tell you that
and they might not have even been as
nice about it as I was yeah I said but
you think you can just get on like
fucking Bill Birds show and just be like
yeah I'm just gonna do fucking crowd
work yeah go you can't do that shit yeah
and he was like really I go it's not
like this was like a showcase thing do
what you want you know as 20 comics
going up fine I go but like this is not
that show this is a weekend show and he
was like I guess you know I just I guess
you telling me it like two minutes
before I went up kind of like you're
like the big scary headliner I don't I
felt bad about the timing of it yeah I
was like yeah I guess I know where it's
powerful for a young comic to hear from
a you know a legend yeah you go well you
tell especially if you tell them like
right if someone tell you something
right yeah well I'd I always do this
thing when I'm on the road and I don't
know when I started doing it but every
time the emcee and sometimes I met the
emcee for - enough to get my my intro
yeah because if it's the first night I
just haven't spent time with him yeah
and I always will go he'll go Greg
Fitzsimmons then I come up and then when
he shakes your hand when he walks off I
was go
thanks faggot and then I do my set and I
never talk about it and then the next
time I go up I'll go thanks homo yeah
and I just keep any thanks cocksucker
and I do it each time yeah and they
never bring it up and then this one guy
comes up to me Saturday night between
shows he's like he goes did I do
something did I do did I go long I keep
thinking that I did that bit that
similar to yours and as did that make
you mad he he was going through what I
what it could
I do that everybody I got I never I
never imagine anybody would take it as
anything but a J of course of course
I can imagine though if you're that guy
the anxiety he probably had calling me a
faggot because it cuz that guy I was
doing crowd work with that guy and I
kind of like back down and I thought
that maybe that's why you kept calling
me that it's like I didn't have the
heart to tell him I didn't watch all of
his sets yeah you know that that's the
other one is when they sometimes they're
like Saturday the MC will be like you
see the set I go no not once
that's the holy you guys are terrible
people and then I'm like I just I can't
watch it's hard because sometimes if i
watch the feature and he's got it he's
got a bit that's really close to mine it
depresses me because I realize this kid
is in Oklahoma and he's a feature and
and we're thinking the same joke yeah so
I don't even care if we repeat a similar
joke like I used to watch so I didn't
repeat a joke and now I just figure it's
more detrimental to even know true that
comedy is this easy and I think it's so
hard right right and then you're like
that good yeah well you're like that's
one of my that's a good thought at the
time like dammit I found when lightning
in a bottle it's depressing
[Music]